[OSDOCS-5529]: Updating links to RHACM docs (#60852)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/delete-hosted-cluster.adoc

.Procedure

> * If the cluster is on AWS, follow the instructions in link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.8/html/clusters/cluster_mce_overview#hypershift-cluster-destroy-aws[Destroying a hosted cluster on AWS].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the cluster is on AWS, follow the instructions in link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.8/html/clusters/managing_hosted_aws#hypershift-cluster-destroy-aws[Destroying a hosted cluster on AWS].
```

> * If the cluster is on bare metal, follow the instructions in link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.8/html/clusters/managing_hosted_bm#hypershift-cluster-destroy-bm[Destroying a hosted cluster on bare metal].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the cluster is on bare metal, follow the instructions in link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.8/html/clusters/cluster_mce_overview#hypershift-cluster-destroy-bm[Destroying a hosted cluster on bare metal].
```

> * If the cluster is on bare metal, follow the instructions in link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.8/html/clusters/cluster_mce_overview#hypershift-cluster-destroy-bm[Destroying a hosted cluster on bare metal].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the cluster is on bare metal, follow the instructions in link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.8/html/clusters/managing_hosted_bm#hypershift-cluster-destroy-bm[Destroying a hosted cluster on bare metal].
```

> * If the cluster is on {VirtProductName}, follow the instructions in link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.8/html/clusters/cluster_mce_overview#hypershift-cluster-destroy-kubevirt[Destroying a hosted cluster on OpenShift Virtualization].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the cluster is on {VirtProductName}, follow the instructions in link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.8/html/clusters/managing_hosted_kubevirt#hypershift-cluster-destroy-kubevirt[Destroying a hosted cluster on OpenShift Virtualization].
```

> * If the cluster is on {VirtProductName}, follow the instructions in link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.8/html/clusters/managing_hosted_kubevirt#hypershift-cluster-destroy-kubevirt[Destroying a hosted cluster on OpenShift Virtualization].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the cluster is on {VirtProductName}, follow the instructions in link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.8/html/clusters/cluster_mce_overview#hypershift-cluster-destroy-kubevirt[Destroying a hosted cluster on OpenShift Virtualization].
```

.Next steps

> If you want to disable the hosted control plane feature, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.8/html/clusters/disable_hosted#disable-hosted-control-planes[Disabling the hosted control plane feature].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to disable the hosted control plane feature, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.8/html/clusters/cluster_mce_overview#disable-hosted-control-planes[Disabling the hosted control plane feature].
```

> If you want to disable the hosted control plane feature, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.8/html/clusters/cluster_mce_overview#disable-hosted-control-planes[Disabling the hosted control plane feature].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to disable the hosted control plane feature, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.8/html/clusters/disable_hosted#disable-hosted-control-planes[Disabling the hosted control plane feature].
```
